docs: add complete supabase to neon migration guide (#3885)
neondatabase/website: content/guides/complete-supabase-migration.md

          successCount++;
        }

        // Add delay between requests to avoid rate limiting
        await sleep(CONFIG.requestDelay);
      } catch (error) {
        console.error(
          `Error processing row ${index + 1}:`,
          error instanceof Error ? error.message : String(error)
        );
        failureCount++;
      }
    }

    console.log('\n===== Migration Summary =====');
    console.log(`Total users: ${records.length}`);
    console.log(`Successfully migrated: ${successCount}`);
    console.log(`Failed: ${failureCount}`);
  } catch (error) {
    console.error('Migration failed:', error);
  }
}

migrateUsers()
  .then(() => {
    console.log('====== Migration process completed. ======');
  })
  .catch((err) => {
    console.error('Fatal error:', err);
  });
```

Before running the script, **update the `CONFIG` section** with your Neon Auth Project ID, Server Key, and the correct path to your `user_data.csv` file.

Execute the script from your terminal:

```bash
npx ts-node migrate_users.ts
```

Upon completion, all your users will be migrated into Neon Auth.

<Admonition type="important" title="User IDs Have Changed">

> It's important to note that this migration process has assigned **new, unique `user_id`s** to all your users within Neon Auth. In the next steps, we will fix the broken references in your database that result from this change.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It's important to note that this migration process has assigned **new, unique `user_id`** values to all your users within Neon Auth. In the next steps, we will fix the broken references in your database that result from this change.
```

-- AFTER (Neon-compatible Policy)
CREATE POLICY "Users can access their own todos" ON public.todos FOR SELECT USING ((auth.user_id() = user_id));
```

#### 3.2. Temporarily remove foreign key constraints

Your tables may include foreign key constraints that reference the `auth.users` table. These constraints will fail during the import process because Neon does not have an `auth.users` table.

To handle this:

1. Search your `supabase_dump.sql` file for all `ALTER TABLE ... ADD CONSTRAINT ... FOREIGN KEY` statements that reference `auth.users`. You can use your text editor's search function for `auth.users`.
2. **Cut** these statements from the file and paste them into a separate temporary text file named `foreign_keys.sql`. You will reapply them in Step 6.

### Step 4: Import the modified data into Neon

Use `psql` to import the edited schema and data into your Neon database.

```shell shouldWrap
psql -d "NEON_CONNECTION_STRING" -f supabase_dump.sql
```

Your tables, data, and RLS policies are now in Neon, but the `user_id` columns still contain old Supabase IDs.

### Step 5: Create a User ID mapping table

> To fix the user references, we'll create a temporary table in Neon that maps old Supabase `user_id`s to emails. This command dumps the original `auth.users` data from Supabase, retargets the `INSERT`s to a new `public.temp_users` table, and pipes it directly into Neon.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To fix the user references, we'll create a temporary table in Neon that maps old Supabase `user_id` values to emails. This command dumps the original `auth.users` data from Supabase, retargets the `INSERT` statements to a new `public.temp_users` table, and pipes it directly into Neon.
```
